Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?

I was provided with the code that initializes the Kera’s and dependent libraries as well as the model structure for the neural network. The provided code also sets the default variables that control model parameters and the number of episodes. Additionally, the project provided the function calls to start the program. The remaining code was implemented by me, which included building out the episode and epoch loops, win and lose states, choice of appropriate actions requiring the use of the quality algorithm versus random actions, and finally adding the results of the current actions to the neural network for referencing in later episodes.

Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:

Computer scientists create technologies that aid in solving real world problems to help companies improve their abilities to provide better services. Many of the concepts I have learned through this course I have not heard of or knew anything about. With just beginning to understand the field of computer scientists and what they actually do when it comes to solving real world problems. This is an area that I would like to gain more knowledge in.  Finding the best ways of breaking up problems in ways that can be modular and easily applied elsewhere, if necessary. Is an approach that I have learned through this course and will utilize it more in my growth as a software developer.  When I find myself working on problems such as this in the future, I will not be afraid to break up the problem. There are many ethical and legal considerations that are needed to ensure a product is safe for public use on part of the company. However, not everything can be solved without potentially nullifying the benefits of a product, at this point it falls on the end user to understand the risks of the tools they are working with and use it for the purpose intended. My obligation is to my company that when used properly the product is safe and follows the guidelines set forth by law and the community. 
